notes/TODO.md, before:

## todo-now

- [x] new db organization
    - [x] create tables
    - [x] link data with new tables
        - [x] active rls policies
        - [x] read content from new tables
            - [x] daily md_text
            - [x] daily calendar
            - [x] weekly md_text
            - [x] goal
            - [x] custom quote
            - [x] do not forget md_text
            - [x] check subscription to changes not working
            - [x] daily quote
            - [x] center section with markdown text

- [ ] 🔥 admin panel

- [ ] (hora-feliz) - crear excel y formularios
- [ ] pagar weas depto

- [ ] on each commit (version upgrade)
    - [ ] upgrade version on supabase also
    - [ ] and app when check a new version show a button to update

---

## todo-later

- [ ] add section of 3 micro-habits to check every-day (with ✅ streak)

- [ ] good admin panel to edit fields
    - [ ] data save in the db only for specific days (after the day passes -> calendar not show that data)
    - [ ] can add some task for specific day
    - [ ] tasks not completed see the next day
- [ ] fullScreen icon-images to svg

- [ ] app version go to gist changelog

- [ ] show if app needs update
    - [ ] ask supabase app_config.app_version and show "update" next to the app version (https://github.com/sturm-dev/desk-mate/assets/30802967/2a5355ed-987d-4b00-bd74-d2eae13053aa)

---

## ideas

- on each hour - make animation with numbers to show to user what hour is

Commit message:

get the data by day & week

notes/TODO.md, after:

## todo-now

- [x] new db organization
    - [x] create tables
    - [x] link data with new tables
        - [x] active rls policies
        - [x] read content from new tables
            - [x] daily md_text
            - [x] daily calendar
            - [x] weekly md_text
            - [x] goal
            - [x] custom quote
            - [x] do not forget md_text
            - [x] check subscription to changes not working
            - [x] daily quote
            - [x] center section with markdown text
            - [x] get the data only by day or week
            - [ ] 🔥 check subscription multiple filters

- [ ] admin panel

- [ ] (hora-feliz) - crear excel y formularios
- [ ] pagar weas depto

- [ ] on each commit (version upgrade)
    - [ ] upgrade version on supabase also
    - [ ] and app when check a new version show a button to update

---

## todo-later

- [ ] add section of 3 micro-habits to check every-day (with ✅ streak)

- [ ] good admin panel to edit fields
    - [ ] data save in the db only for specific days (after the day passes -> calendar not show that data)
    - [ ] can add some task for specific day
    - [ ] tasks not completed see the next day
- [ ] fullScreen icon-images to svg

- [ ] app version go to gist changelog

- [ ] show if app needs update
    - [ ] ask supabase app_config.app_version and show "update" next to the app version (https://github.com/sturm-dev/desk-mate/assets/30802967/2a5355ed-987d-4b00-bd74-d2eae13053aa)

---

## ideas

- on each hour - make animation with numbers to show to user what hour is
